I-I need to take this
Hello boss Mr. Ye
That's good news.
After the shareholders of our mine vein are handed over
Got an invitation to an antique convention
As a reward
I wonder if Mr. Ye is interested in antiques?
Yeah, antique convention, right?
I'm interested. Okay
I'll send someone to send you an invitation then.
It's next week.
Don't forget.
Okay, thank you, Boss Liang.
Sister-in-law village chief
I have something to do here
Go out for a while
Ah, is this guy still a man?
I don't care.
Sooner or later I'm going to get this guy
Ouch neon clothes
My ancient yuan drama
But I got an invitation to the antique convention
After I reveal these bosses ah hey
If you go to the cabinet, go to the door